So, today's task is going to be to outline some of the basic experimental facts that we will both have to deal with and that we are in should be to understand and be model through the rest of the course. So, it doesn't tell you some abstract truth about why the universe is the way it is. So, it gives you a lot of wisdom to understand how things work and predict what will happen in acting and what we will be aiming to do is develop models that give us the intuition for the phenomena and allow me to make predictions. And these are going to be the experimental facts that we would like to both explain, develop an intuition for it to be able to predict consequences of it. So, we'll start off with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of We'll start off with, so we just outline them. So first fact, how does it exist? I'll go over some of the arguments for that. Randomness definitely presents in the world. I'm expecter artistry and structure. We have a photoelectric effect, which I'll describe in some detail. Electro-inducing funny things in particular electron diffraction and 6 and finally, skeleton equality, something that we will come back to at the very end of the class. We're starting to think of a sort of frame for the entirety of the video. Okay. So... I'm going to put this in the middle. So, everyone in here knows that atoms are made of electrons and nuclei. In particular, you know that electrons exist because you've seen that cathode ray 2. They used to be able to say you've seen a TV, but you all have flat-prone TVs. So catheter ratio is a gun that strips the left arms out of phosphorus and strain and everything you want to do It can't be seen in the screens, in just a little phosphorus, in a little globe And that's where you see on the CIT You'll come and see that as specifically seated Want to know about it? If you can see what is it, they exist There's a pretty good argument, there's a bad argument for the existence of electrons which is that we can actually see that individually. And this is one of the most famous images in hierarchy. It's from the chemical gargamel, which was a very, very unique to the computer of liquid frion. It's used to its vapor pressure 60 times a second. And what this image is, is a performance point. You're watching a trail of bubbles in this e-cracker-izing frion. The room's too big bubbles, but it has to leave me a bubble. What you're seeing there in that central line that goes up and calls around is a single electron that was made by a new screen, or a piece of a beam, a stern, or currently the LHC is running. And this experiment revealed choosing first to last in a reveal that you could see individual electrons and by studying the images of them moving through fluids and leaving a sturdy wake bubbles behind them because they're either priceless or conservative. The second thing is how to system your computer. We're not going to talk about it in detail. It's possible for your TRENO to hit an electron. Now, how to test is called the weak virtual clip for stupid devices. Actually, really good name. And that was awesome and surprising. And so this picture is also monument to the technology of the current, but also to the physics of weak virtual clips in the left hand. And then you can just get any TRENOs by watching them. Okay. So you can use the light. We know the nucleosus because you can see an appleful particles which comes from radioactive to case atoms. And you have your atom which is some sort of a thing. You're not going to make the atom, I'm going to find the atom by using a sheet of atoms. Maybe a foil. Very thin foil is enough. And then you're going to see a very clean energy apple particles incident at this. Probably everyone has heard of this experiment with Sunbeirut and dieter and more of this in particular in this experiment. And you're shooting these also particles in. And if you see these guys, I'm sort of jealous. A lot of them, maybe you don't, don't, just slap a little bit. But if you shoot, you know, bullet to your cello, it just sort of maybe gets deflected a little bit, but jealous. Come on. And the thing that was stopping you, you're shooting these also particles in it. And every once in a while, they bounce back at 180-160 degrees. It looks like it's in, like, to, to, uh, to, uh, rolling a rolling wall against a piece of paper and having a bounce of that. Uh, kind of surprising. So let me say here that people who have mentioned here on the one, is that atoms are mostly zero density, except they have very, very high density cores, which are many times smaller than the size of the atom, but we're mostly the mass of the concentrated, and then the concentrated ones are the inertia. And so we know that atoms have the structure, and the picture we have is that it will have you scrape this pile of the metals, you can pull off the electrons, leading the high nuclei, which have positive charge because you scrape off the electrons that have negative charge. So we have a picture from these experiments that there are lessons and there are nuclei. So let's go to the right end."