 It's wonderful to be here. that this lecture series used to be called the last lecture. If you had one last lecture to give before you died, what would it be? Damn, I finally nailed the venue when they were in. In case there's anybody who wandered in and doesn't know the backstory, my dad always taught me when there's an elephant in the room, introduce them. There are approximately 10 tumors in my liver and the doctors told me three to six months of good health left. That was a month ago so you can do the math. I have some of the best doctors in So that is what it is we can't change it and we just have to decide how we're going to respond to that. We cannot change the cards we are dealt just how we play the hand. the press or morose as I should be, sorry to disappoint you. And I assure you I am not in denial. It's not like I'm not aware of what My three kids my wife we just decamped we bought a lovely house in Chesapeake, Virginia near Norfolk and we're doing that because that's a better place for the family to be down the road I am in phenomenally good health right now. I mean, is the greatest thing of cognitive dissonance you will ever see is the fact that I am in really good shape. In fact, I'm in better shape than most Thank you. So anybody who wants to cry or hit her me can come down and do a few of those and then you may pity me Alright, so will we not talk? talking about cancer because I spend a lot of time talking about that and I'm really not interested if you have any herbal supplements or remedies please stay away from me. And we're not going to talk important than achieving your childhood dreams. We're not going to talk about my wife or my kids because I'm good but I'm not good enough to talk about that without tearing up. So we're just going to take that off the table. That's much more Although I will tell you that I have experienced a deathbed conversion, I just bought a Macintosh. Now I knew I'd get 9% of the audience with that, but... today's talk about them. It's about my childhood dreams and how I've achieved them. I've been very fortunate that way. How I believe I've been able to enable the dreams I've been able And to some degree lessons learned, I'm a professor. There should be some lessons learned. And how you can use the stuff you hear today to achieve your dream of others. And as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others thing is even more fun. So what were my childhood dreams? Well, you know, I had a really good childhood. I was going back through the family archives and what was really amazing was I couldn't find any pictures of me as a kid where I wasn't smiling. a very gratifying thing. There was our dog. me dreaming. And I did a lot of that. You know, I was on a wake-up. And I was born in 1960, right? When you're eight or nine years old and you look at the TV set and men are landing on the moon, anything is possible. And that's something we should not lose sight of, is that the inspiration and the permission to dream is huge. So what were my childhood dreams? I was there. Being in zero gravity, playing in the National Football League, authoring an article in the World Book Encyclopedia, I guess you can tell the being Captain Kirk, anybody here have that childhood dream? Not at CMU now. I wanted to become one of the guys who won the